CoqIDE: Make tabs reorderable and fix preference on tabs position (#19166)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/10-coqide/19166-coqide.rst

- **Fixed:**

>   Changing document tabs position no longer needs a restart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Changing the position of buffer names (vertical or horizontal) no longer needs a restart
```
